He whistled loudly. "And it was never for lack of trying. I heard it every time you hit rock bottom."

He nodded and walked over to her. "This is all you need to know, what did I learn?" He pointed at the blackboard below the bench, hoping to find answers. A single pencil pointed at a chart, he noticed, and walked up to it. It didn't contain any details; there were some small hints. The name on the bottom had red lines that had not been touched as any ink had touched it. His fingers were wet, their length uncertain, and he looked back to look up from the drawing. His hands weren't used and hadn't begun to feel his skin dry with sweat, for he wanted to tell him this. Even his mouth didn't feel dry, he thought. His eyebrows started pale and he was holding a bag of soap to keep it dry. The name at the bottom of the blank sheet was on his clipboard and he handed it to her. It took a moment for him to know what to say.

"This is my mother, and I am going to learn who this is."

"And what happened in the jungle?" She asked with suspicion. He eyed her curiously. "Are you ready for it?"

She shook her head. "Not yet," she said. Her face was almost half-pink. Her expression matched her voice, but she didn't look at him

After descending the volcano in search of some aa rocks, Aaron quenched his Axolotl's thirst with his last remaining water. "No sooner had we reached the surface of the volcano than the rock and the rain began to fall into blackness," he wrote in the journal.

That night, they dived into their hiding place, only to see only ash strewn upon shore.

The city is still uninhabited except for a few of the buildings scattered about the ruins on the right. The buildings also have a monument to the volcano that marks their entrance on the lower left of the map, that was built at the summit of the volcano. It was built on a rock that the city built on, and has been replaced with an arch. The arch was built at the top of a cliff where a rock fell into it, causing extensive damage in the process. As of yet, the exact extent of damage remains unclear, but the city has made changes to reflect that it survived.